Explain how to resume publishing after losing state (#1087)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

the tracks does not depend on those parameters; this is in contrast to
protocols like HTTP, where request headers can alter the server response.

> A publisher that loses state and intends to continue publishing has multiple
> options to confirm to the above requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A publisher that loses state and intends to resume publishing can handle this in application-specific ways, which are beyond the scope of this specification. However, the following options MAY be considered:
```

does not depend on those parameters; this is in contrast to protocols like HTTP,
where request headers can alter the server response.

A publisher that loses state and intends to resume publishing on the same Track

> risks of colliding with previously published Objects and violating the above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
risks colliding with previously published Objects and violating the above
```
